c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.dll.config
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.pdb
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\pt-br\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\obj\Debug\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\obj\Debug\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.pdb
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\obj\Debug\Central_Cadastro_Clientes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\cpires\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\Central_Cadastro_Clientes\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
